.TH ellipsis 1 "4 November 2018" 0.1.0
.SH NAME
ellipsis - a peace-of-mind dotfile manager

.SH SYNOPSIS
ellipsis
[
.I OPTION
]
[
.I subcommand
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
ellipsis is a utility for distributed configuration management in UNIX-like
systems. ellipsis shares configurations between devices. This allows a change in
any one system to be accessed near-instantaneously on other systems, without
redundant editing.

It also allows new systems to bootstrap themselves rapidly to
an up-to-date configuration.

ellipsis edits dotfiles locally on a user's machine, links files into desired
locations, and synchronizes files remotely using git.

With
.I subcommand
, ellipsis executes the given subcommand.  If no subcommand is given, print
usage and exit. For more information on subcommands, see
ellipsis-<subcommand>(1)

.SH OPTIONS

\-\-help, \-h
.RS 4
Prints the synopsis and a list of subcommands
.RE

\-\-version, \-h
.RS 4
Prints the version information
.RE

.SH COMMANDS
All of the functionality of this tool is carried out through subcommands, listed
as follows:

.SH SUBCOMMANDS

ellipsis-config(1)
.RS 4
Create, edit, and show the device's ellipsis config file, as needed
.RE

ellipsis-destroy(1)
.RS 4
Delete ellipsis configurations
.RE

ellipsis-edit(1)
.RS 4
Edit configuration files
.RE

ellipsis-git(1)
.RS 4
Use git to commit and synchronize files with a remote
.RE

ellipsis-home(1)
.RS 4
Print the location of the ellipsis home directory
.RE

ellipsis-init(1)
.RS 4
Fetch configurations from remote, or spawn a new directory
.RE

ellipsis-link(1)
.RS 4
Sym-link configuration files into their desired locations
.RE

ellipsis-link(1)
.RS 4
Delete symbolic links created with ellipsis-link(1)
.RE

.SH AUTHOR
Andrew Lee

.SH BUGS
Report any bugs on github: <https://github.com/ndrewtl/ellipsis>

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2018 Andrew Lee. Licensed under GNU General Public License,
version 3. <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>

.SH SEE ALSO
ellipsis-config(1), ellipsis-destroy(1), ellipsis-edit(1), ellipsis-git(1),
ellipsis-home(1), ellipsis-init(1), ellipsis-link(1), ellipsis-unlink(1)
